= csv-hash

Will import a CSV as an array of hashes. Or will export a CSV from an array of hashes (if given a column list).


== Usage

=== Parse a csv to an array of hashes
  array_of_hashes, columns = CSVHash('path_to_csv.csv')

Note the hash will have strings for keys and will remove all surrounding whitespace

=== Generate a string from an array of hashes and a column list
  string = CSVHash(array_of_hashes,[:column,"names","in",:order])


=== Nested Hashes

csv-hash supports nested hashes. A column tree of the structure (note the double underscore):
  one,two__foo,two__bar__three,two__bar__four
   1,    2,          3,              4,

will generate:
  {
    'one' => '1',
    'two' => {
      'foo' => '2',
      'bar' => {'three' => '3', 'four' => '4'}
    }
  }

== Todo

* Remove dependency on Fast CSV
* Support auto column generation
* Generate hash of arrays
* Turn into CSVHash object which contains column structure and other metadata
* Sequel integration
* Arbitrary model support

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Tal Atlas. See LICENSE for details.
